As soon as the project was released in week 2 and the team members were decided in that week's lab, We organised an immediate group meeting. We have firstly finished that week's user story as a group task and allocated the initial work among 4 of us concisely. We emphasize on understanding the iteration 1 specification first, where all of us need to allocate time to read the project specificatio, especially on the functions part. Then in the next group meeting, everyone need to explain their current understanding of the project. This was to help us understand the project specification quicker. Jasonjob was to come out with a clear idea of user stories such that we will know what is the ultimate goal of this task and also help us to think from the perspective of customers. This was essentially successful as not just me but everyone in the group had a clear idea of what the customers' demands were in real life. Furthermore, whenever the group were confused about a certain part of the project especially at the start, Feddrick would be willing to explains that part to the other since he is one of the people who understood the most about the project specification. After we are done with the user stories, we have encountered the biggest challenge in this iteration 1 which was building the pytests for each function. Some people like Jason were absolutely confused, irritated and disappointed. But with some guidance from the team leader, Feddrick, we were able to start on creating the pytests since he understood really well how to structure the pytests. Moreover, for pytests, we have mostly split the workload into 4  parts. However, each part's difficulty was slightly different. For example, Louis was mostly dealing with the pytest for functions related to the message which we belived was one of the hardest part in this iteration 1. Although it was a challenging task, Louis still demanded it from himself. We as a group believed that louis, As someone who had done the most computing course, would be able to handle that part. Even when Jason starts to understand the general principle of writing pytest, he still encountered some difficulties. For example, in Jason's test file, he would use auth_login() first instead of using auth_register() to obtain user's token and u_id. Then Feddrick suggested that each one us should make a new branch and whenever we wanted to submit a merge request, it required at least two people in the group to agree which could be easily done by clicking on the thumbs up icon on the gitLab website. Overall, the first iteration went very successful. It was mainly due to the fact that everyone in our group knew where their strengths were and focused on the tasks everyone was good at. Whenever we faced any large disagreements, we always discussed as a group and then decided upon the steps. Most crucially, the reason that made us so successful and collaborative was due to our consistent meetings regardless of the weather and distance. We have had a meeting every 3 days. No matter how busy everyone was. 
